Creative Technology was one of the better modules I’ve had during my time in higher education. I loved the way we were encouraged to work, 
specifically using the sketching through Arduino method and being allowed to completely drive our own project in any direction for the 
4 weeks. I liked how we could easily dip and out of collaborating with the class as well - this made collaborating and brainstorming with 
my peers feel more natural instead of forced and I think we had better ideas because of this. 

Because of how we were encouraged to play and experiment during the week, this led me naturally to the area of design I focused on for 
this project - using IoT in connected homes to celebrate face to face conversations that share important announcements. In the beginning 
of the module, I was determined to try and do something light and gimmicky, as I felt like I needed a break from creating serious projects 
that would change the world. This is why I was so determined to make a musical, flashy singing box by the end of the first week. 

As I got further into the project however I eventually came round to creating a product that still managed to stay light but had a 
bit more credibility than just being a singing box. Turning it into a beacon that encouraged households to come together to share 
their good news had a lot more benefits than simply just being a prop to celebrate with. I really enjoyed researching the various 
reasons for why people share information and good news, as well as looking at the benefits of sharing with each other. However, 
while this area of design was interesting, I don’t think I’ll be returning to it in the future - it was just a fun little project 
to familiarise myself again with Arduino and basic making.

If were looking to stretch these projects out longer term, I definitely would have focused more on how I presented my final prototype. 
During my undergrad, my interests lay less in physical objects and more in creating digital experiences, so part of my reasons for 
joining the product design masters was to expand my toolkit and help make me more comfortable with making physical objects. 
While I think my final prototype has charm, given another week and more resources I think I could have finished it off a lot smoother. 
I am very pleased with my final prototype however, as since I don’t really consider myself a maker, I’m impressed I’ve even managed to
make a slightly more complicated housing for my tech than just a wooden box.

What I’ll take away from this module is definitely a different way of working - I won’t be scared to go straight to experimenting 
with the technology first rather than sit out and sketch a 100 ideas before choosing one. I’ll definitely take this with me through 
the rest of the year and into my future career wherever I end up. 
